---
title: "Episode 1"
date: 2021-09-16
categories:
---


## Dilkashi-1

It was a queer, sultry summer, Students of Futaba school writing the test except for one i.e., our hero Shinchan. holding his pencil, looking at the Birds on a tree outside the classroom. Yoshinaga ( Shinchan's class teacher) came close to Shinchan and asked what was he doing without writing the test, Shinchan replied " how wonderful it would be if we had wings like birds and fly in the sky, enjoying nature. Yoshinaga could see that he didn't even write his name on his sheet, she scolded him saying wakeup from your daydream Shinchan and start your test! lifelessly Shinchan kept his pencil on the sheet and starting the test, after some time Shinchan came out and sat beneath the tree and wondering how happy he would be if he was a bird flying in the sky limitlessly, not worrying about schools, homework,..., etc. 

A gentle breeze cools his face and he felt that something happening around him, he was feeling sweetness in the breeze which was giving joyful vibes. The birds which were singing earlier added a tone of melody with a happy rhythm, trees were swinging left to right shaking their branches. All of sudden he could see the sun was disappearing it seems like it was hiding behind the clouds, peering through them resulting in a small straight sunray on a particular spot.

Through the spotlight created by the Sun, Shinchan could barely see someone walking right towards the spotlight, he stood up and was trying to get a perfect look at that person... as soon as he got a perfect view he froze like a block of ice. Cupid the God of love just shot an arrow right into his heart. That someone is a girl and Shinchan knew that she was not an earthling because he never saw such a beautiful girl ever in his life till then.

**She had a sculpted figure which was twine-thin. Her waist was tapered and she had a burnished complexion. A pair of arched eyebrows looked down on sweeping eyelashes. Her delicate ears framed a button nose. A set of dazzling, angel-white teeth gleamed as she blew gently on her front falling hair strands, moon shadow black hair. Her enticing, constellation brown eyes over her puffy, heart-shaped lips**. That's the moment he felt his first Zing.

Shinchan without any consciousness just followed her, he was mesmerized by her. Suddenly Yoshinaga came and said: " Welcome to Futaba school, dear Doraemon" and took her into the class. Yoshinaga introduced Doraemon to the class, everyone with a smiling face welcome her and Shinchan was very happy and blushing.  There was a chair right next to Shimchan which was empty and Yoshinaga instructed her to go and sit there, Shinchan's eyes were just locked on her, and was blushing a lot as we see his face turned pink.

                             will be continued in the next Episode...