---
title: "Episode 2"
date: 2021-09-17
categories:
---


## Dilkashi-2

Doraemon was feeling very nervous and shy as everything around was completely new, she was just smiling at Yoshinaga and sat on the chair. After some time all the girls in the class came to her and introduced themselves, she felt comfortable and felt better. Few boys came to her and showing off which she didn't care about and neglected them, on the other hand, Shinchan was just staring at her but not taking any step to go and introduce himself. Time passed and it was evening, time to go home.

Doraemon had made some good friends in which Mii-chan gave a best friend vibe and also Mii-chan's house was near to her and they both started going home. Shinchan was just following her to know her house, he was maintaining a safe distance so that Doraemon and Mii-chan wouldn't know that they were been followed by Shinchan.

On the way, there was an Ice-cream shop which made Doraemon stop. She asked whether Mii-chan like ice cream or not and Mii-chan said yes, both had the ice cream and again started to walk. Shinchan had no money to buy it, just looked at the ice cream and again started following them like an American spy. They both reached Doraemon's house and Doraemon took Mii-chan in and introduced her to Doraemon's mom.

Shinchan hiding behind a pool and was blushing, soon Doraemon's mom closed the door. Shinchan thought let's stay here as Mii-chan goes home he could see Doraemon again. After some time Mii-chan came out and said bye to Doraemon and her mom, As Mii-chan crossed the street, she could see Shinchan hiding behind the pool. Mii-chan surprisingly said hi from the back, Shinchan became nervous and talking what some random stuff like" hey Mii-chan see how black is that crow, it seems pretty right!

Mii-chan could see that Shinchan was acting very weird, she asked him that why he was here, his house was on the other end why did he had come here, and why he was hiding behind the pool. Shinchan became nervous and said he had to buy some things which were said by his mom. Mii-chan could see that he was lying, she asked him whether he was following Doraemon and her. Shinchan said "why would I follow you guys, okay I have to go bye" and in hurry, he left from there. But Mii-chan felt something wrong with him. 

    
                             will be continued in the next Episode...   